README.md, before:

![Spectec Status](https://github.com/WebAssembly/spec/actions/workflows/ci-spectec.yml/badge.svg)
![Interpreter Status](https://github.com/WebAssembly/spec/actions/workflows/ci-interpreter.yml/badge.svg)
![Spec doc Status](https://github.com/WebAssembly/spec/actions/workflows/ci-spec.yml/badge.svg)

[![CI for specs](https://github.com/WebAssembly/spec/actions/workflows/ci-spec.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/WebAssembly/spec/actions/workflows/ci-spec.yml)
[![CI for interpreter & tests](https://github.com/WebAssembly/spec/actions/workflows/ci-interpreter.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/WebAssembly/spec/actions/workflows/ci-interpreter.yml)


# spec

This repository holds the sources for the WebAssembly specification,
a reference implementation, and the official test suite.

A formatted version of the spec is available here:
[webassembly.github.io/spec](https://webassembly.github.io/spec/),

Participation is welcome. Discussions about new features, significant semantic
changes, or any specification change likely to generate substantial discussion
should take place in
[the WebAssembly design repository](https://github.com/WebAssembly/design)
first, so that this spec repository can remain focused. And please follow the
[guidelines for contributing](Contributing.md).

# citing

For citing WebAssembly in LaTeX, use [this bibtex file](wasm-specs.bib).

Commit message:

Update readme and add explainer skeleton.

README.md, after:

![Spectec Status](https://github.com/WebAssembly/spec/actions/workflows/ci-spectec.yml/badge.svg)
![Interpreter Status](https://github.com/WebAssembly/spec/actions/workflows/ci-interpreter.yml/badge.svg)
![Spec doc Status](https://github.com/WebAssembly/spec/actions/workflows/ci-spec.yml/badge.svg)

[![CI for specs](https://github.com/WebAssembly/spec/actions/workflows/ci-spec.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/WebAssembly/spec/actions/workflows/ci-spec.yml)
[![CI for interpreter & tests](https://github.com/WebAssembly/spec/actions/workflows/ci-interpreter.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/WebAssembly/spec/actions/workflows/ci-interpreter.yml)

# Multibyte Array Access Proposal for WebAssembly

This repository is a clone of
[`WebAssembly/spec`](https://github.com/WebAssembly/spec/). It is meant for
discussion, prototype specification, and implementation of a proposal to add
support for reading and writing multiple bytes at a time from `(array i8)`.

See the [explainer](proposals/multibyte-array-access/Explainer.md) for a
high-level summary of the proposal.

# spec

This repository holds the sources for the WebAssembly specification,
a reference implementation, and the official test suite.

A formatted version of the spec is available here:
[webassembly.github.io/spec](https://webassembly.github.io/spec/),

Participation is welcome. Discussions about new features, significant semantic
changes, or any specification change likely to generate substantial discussion
should take place in
[the WebAssembly design repository](https://github.com/WebAssembly/design)
first, so that this spec repository can remain focused. And please follow the
[guidelines for contributing](Contributing.md).

# citing

For citing WebAssembly in LaTeX, use [this bibtex file](wasm-specs.bib).
